The business problem is to analyze the flights data of all the outbound flights from Dulles International Airport operations and services and make recommendations which will help them to provide better service to the customers by making strategic decisions to reduce the delays is the flights.
The goal here is to draw insights and discover factors that are causing delays in the flight’s departure at Dulles Airport as well as delays in arrival at the destination airport. 

From the analysis it is observed that most the delayed flights are late because of delayed departure form the Dulles airport. Also, we see a linear relationship between departure delay and arrival delay. Moreover, United airlines has a greater number of delayed flights but united has more flights operating so in terms of arrival delay rate Frontier has more flights delayed overall. 
It can be inferred from the data that huge number of flights are scheduled to depart between 17:00 to 18:00 which is causing traffic jam at the airport eventually leading to delayed departure. Finding show that Los Angeles and San Francisco are the two destinations with highest number of delayed flights at the destination airport. Also, analysis show that West regions are more prone to arrival delays and Mid-Atlantic with least arrival delays. 
In terms of months June and July are found to have more arrival delays. Here weather might be one the reason for the delays. Thursdays and Mondays are seen to have more flights delays this might be because of weekend as people tend to travel during weekends. 
Moreover, taxi-out does not seem to have significant impact on the departure delay and arrival delay. Whereas June and July have more taxi-out delays, again this might be because of weather as June and July are prone to rains which affect the flights taxi. 

First, I would like to recommend the organization that they evenly distribute the departure flights. These would reduce the traffic at the airport and allow flights to smoothly taxi to the runway avoiding departure delays. These can be supported by the analysis done in question 6.
Second, I would like to make my recommendation to United and Frontier airlines. These airlines should take more efforts in the operations and services at the airport as boarding the plane on the schedule time is also important factor, crew and technical services can do better and so on. These help them gain more customer satisfaction and eventually increase their profits. The findings can be seen in questions 2. 
Last, I would like to recommend the authorities at the Los Angeles and San Francisco to improve the operations and services as it might be that due to poor air traffic control the flights have to wait to get the clearance to land resulting in delayed arrival time. Other factors might be improper taxi-in management, flight kept waiting for too long for clearance and so on. 

